for this craft we will need
color filters cotton thread and needles
mouse tail or tie a ballpoint pen
scissors and a folio in the way that
you want to make the ornaments the first thing that
let's do is dial with the pen
the chosen drawing on the felt
you can use a pencil too
then do not worry because the brand
of the pen is going to be in
then he does not leave, he is not going to notice
I was trying to make the most of the fabric
although you join them in the drawings
and then what you have to do is
cut them out
this is the same step as in the mobile
with cardboards
also taking advantage of the fabric
because you never know
so we are going to need it
once we have cut our
circles our hearts our
stars the chosen drawing I what
first thing I do is make the hanger
that you can use mouse tail as
I use yo or lasso then it was taught how
there are also the bow and the colors
that you choose me as I had the
mouse tail of this color I use it
this color but you can use the color
what do you want
and make sure it looks good
that is well sewn
so that later
there will be no problems once we have
sewn our hanger let's start
to sew I sew like a white thread to
that is to make it more beautiful and
we started sewing
and we are going to leave a bit like that without sewing
then it was explained because I'm going to sew
now
and then I explain why we can
I said before you had to sew everything but a
bit because that's where we're going to
fill it out and I told you we would need
cotton is what I stuffed
as they are things that normally do not
wash nothing happens and I help from the
scissors
and I'm distributing it well
so that it is not caked
by the circus for the ornament in this case
It's a circle but there are more ornaments
complicated the stars keep the
Tips are more complicated
this is quite easy but there are good
to distribute it well if you like more
stuffed matisse more stuffed and if you
they like less fillings or even without
fill the shop
I like more fillings so I
I do like this but I 'm your help
your diction
and we finished kosor hello guys good
throughout the video idea you saw that
It is very well facilitated to make motifs
I encourage you to make them work. I'm going to
teach several different ornaments
this for example is a star in
white with the thread in red and with the
lacito
then we also have this heart in
red that I already showed you in several photos
on social networks with the thread on
white and red mouse tail
and the one we just made is the green
with the white thread around and the tail
of the black mouse but we can do well
also hearts
circles in red
the stars in red with the white thread
and the red bow you can make dolls of
snow christmas drops you can do what
that you want is very easy to do and
I really encourage you to do it here and
me and what would make me very happy that
send me the photos of the result like this
that nothing a little kiss and until the next
chao video